Remove deprecated service-defaults upstream behavior. (#16957)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

This page is used to document those details separately from the standard
upgrade flow.

## Consul 1.16.x

#### Remove deprecated service-defaults peer upstream override behavior

> In Consul 1.16.x, `service-defaults` upstream [`overrides`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#overrides)
> will not apply to peer upstreams, unless the [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) field is explicitly provided.
> 
> Consul 1.15.x introduced a backward-compatibility behavior to allow for a smoother transition during the upgrade. This behavior will be removed in Consul 1.16.x.
> Visit the [upgrade instructions for 1.15.x](#service-defaults-overrides-for-upstream-peered-services) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `service-defaults` upstream [`overrides`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#overrides)
parameter does not apply to peer upstreams unless the [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) field is explicitly provided.

This change removes the backward-compatibility behavior introduced in Consul 1.15.x. Refer to the [upgrade instructions for 1.15.x](#service-defaults-overrides-for-upstream-peered-services) for more information.
```
Switch to present tense per the style guide. Will there be a separate PR for updating the configuration entry reference?

Author: Sorry about that. Here's the docs PR. https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/16960/files
